Reaugmentation documentation (#16606)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/config-reference.adoc

In general, `null` YAML keys are not included in assembly of the configuration property name, allowing them to be used to
any level for disambiguating configuration keys.

== Change build time properties after your application has been published

> If you are in the rare situation that you need to change the build time configuration after your application is published / shipped, then check out how link:reaugmentation[re-augmentation] can be used to rebuild the  augmentation output for a different build time configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are in the rare situation that you need to change the build time configuration after your application is built, then check out how link:reaugmentation[re-augmentation] can be used to rebuild the augmentation output for a different build time configuration.
```
